PLEASE AFFIX
YOUR
RECENT
PASSPORT
SIZE COLOR
PHOTOGRAP
H & SIGN
ACROSS   HINDUSTAN URVARAK & RASAYAN LIMITED 
(A JOINT VENTURE OF CIL, NTPC, IOCL, FCIL & HFCL)
               ADMIT CARD
For the Exam of GETs & DETs HURL-2024 NO. – HURL/GET-DET/2024/01
Roll No.: HURL006305
Candidate Reg. 
No:520242524070
Post Applied for: GET - MECHANICAL
CANDIDATE DETAILS TEST CENTER / VENUE DETAILS
Candidate Name: NIPUN RAJ Test Center Name: SOFT TECH SOLUTION 
Candidate 
Address:6B BHEL TOWNSHIP 
NOIDA SECTOR 17, 
NOIDA, NOIDA, UTTAR 
PRADESH, 201301Test Center 
Address:SUSHIL INTERNATIONAL 
SCHOOL, PANDWALA 
KALAN, NEAR HANS NAGAR 
ASHRAM MAIN 
GHUMANHERA, ROAD, 
NAJAFGARH, DELHI - 110043
Mobile No.: 8595632158 Test Date: 15-12-2024
Email id: Nipunraj09@gmail.com Test Time: 10:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Reporting Time: 08:30 AM
Gate Closing Time: 09:30 AM
Candidate Signature
(Taken at the time of 
registration)Candidate Signature 
(To be signed in the presence of
the invigilator at the time of the
Online Test)Invigilators Signature
(Candidate's Signature and Left thumb
impression obtained in my presence
and Photograph verified by me)
Dear Candidate,
With reference to your application for the above recruitment, you are hereby admitted provisionally to the Online Test on the date 
and time at the venue mentioned above. 
Please bring this Admit Card with photograph affixed thereon, carry currently valid Photo Identity proof in original-THIS IS ESSENTIAL. 
Please hand over this Admit Card to the invigilator. Currently valid photo Identity proof may be PAN Card / Passport / Permanent 
Driving License / Voter's Card / Bank Passbook with Photograph / Aadhaar/E-Aadhaar Card with photograph. Please Note -Ration Card 
and Learners Driving License will NOT be accepted as valid ID proof.
Candidates reporting later than the time mentioned above will not be allowed to appear for the Online Test. The candidates will not 
be allowed to leave the Online Test without the permission of the test administrator. The candidate cannot leave the lab before exam 
end time. 
IMPORTANT: The candidate's photograph affixed on the Admit Card should match the one uploaded in the online application form 
falling which the candidate may not be allowed to appear for the Online Test. The Candidate's Signature should tally with the 
signature uploaded. In case of discrepancy, candidates will not be allowed to appear for the Online Test. 
Candidates coming without stipulated currently valid photo ID card in original (containing exactly the same name as above) will not 
be allowed to take the Online Test. Photo ID should be valid as on the day of the exam. 
The name on ID proof should exactly match the name as printed on the Admit Card. Candidates who have changed their name will be
allowed only If they produce Gazette notification/ their marriage certificate/ affidavit Indicating changes.
INSTRUCTIONS
1. The test will be conducted online. Please ensure that you’re Name and other details which will subsequently appear on the screen 
are correct.
2. Candidates should put their Signature in the respective space provided on the Admit Card in the presence of the invigilator.
3. You are called for the Online Test without verifying your personal details viz. Age, qualification etc., with your certificates. Before 
appearing for the online test, you must ensure that you fulfill the eligibility criteria stipulated by the Organization in all respects.
4. Following items are prohibited into the exam hall:
a. Stationery items such as Pens, Pencils, Scales, Papers, Books, Notebooks, Watch, Calculators, etc.
b. Mobile phones, Pagers, Health Bands, Smart Watches, any other electronic gadgets etc.
c. Jewelry including Ear rings, Finger rings, Metal Bangles, Pendants, Nose pins, Chains, Necklace etc.
d. Wallets, Sunglasses, Jackets etc. are not allowed. Candidates will be asked to remove, their Jackets before entering the Test Hall.
5. There is no facility for safe keeping of your belongings outside the Test Hall and the test authority is not responsible for its damage
or loss, if any.
6. Any candidate found resorting to any unfair means or malpractice or any misconduct while appearing for the Online Test including 
giving/ receiving help to/ from any candidate during the Online Test will be disqualified. The candidate should be vigilant to ensure 
that no other candidate is able to copy from his/her answers.
7. Any request for change of center/ venue will not be entertain under any circumstances.
8. You may please note that this Admit Card does not constitute an offer of employment with the organization.
9. Any canvassing by or on behalf of the candidate or to bring political or other outside influence with regard to their selection/ 
recruitment shall be considered as disqualification.
10. The possibility of occurrence of some problem in the administration of the Online Test cannot be ruled out completely which may 
impact Online Test delivery and/ or result from being generated. In that event, every effort will be made to rectify such a problem, 
which may include movement of candidates, delay in Online Test.
11. Anyone found to be disclosing, publishing, reproducing, transmitting, storing or facilitating transmission and storage of test 
contents in any form or any information therein in whole or part thereof or by any means verbal or written, electronic or mechanical 
or taking away the papers supplied in the test hall or found to be in authorized possession of Online Test content shall be prosecuted.
12. If data provided in the application form is found to be false during certificate verification / at any stage, the candidature of such 
candidates will be rejected.
13. In case of any false information provided by the candidate, suitable legal action such as lodging of F.I.R can be initiated by HURL .
Admit Card Downloaded on 12-Dec-2024 12:09:38